...trying to be competitive and entertaining, it's not easy, it's not,
because...you, when you act [bizarre noises] start doing stuff like that it's kinda hard to play the game
and win, so you start getting upset because you don't win
Well I'm at the NA LCS Finals right now with coverage presented by Omnislash
joined by Tyler1, I never knew if I'd have a chance to interview you ever
Yeah, I'm...I'm here now, yes you can interview me
Very good, yeah, I can handle the microphone,
I appreciate, I appreciate the assistance though, it gets kinda heavy so I'm glad
Uh, and I also appreciate Riot Games, they loaned me a soapbox
so that I could stand up
Cause otherwise I'd just, I'd be way down here, yeah
Yeah, I know, short guy, it's ok we're all short, well not me, but
Yes, exactly, exactly
So I'm glad we were able to figure that out
What do you think of this event?
Like, this is your first time coming out to one of these things, I think, right?
Yeah, this is my first time going to any League of Legends-related event
I mean, Riot Games, huge company, they can definitely do better.
Ok? I mean, they get paid way too much money to be making an event this mediocre
That being said, they are the best at what they do do
I mean, not a lot of teams do it, but, I do think this is one of the better ones
the only one I've ever been to, so I like it
I'm having fun, meet a lot of people, it's a good time.
Was there a thought, cause...why this one, why come out to this one
Cause you've had other opportunities I'm sure you could have gone to PAX or you could have gone to Spring Finals, etc.
But it's the Finals, and we get to see Double...I mean, I'm not a...
me and Doubles, we have our moments I mean, I am better than him,
but it's because it's the Finals of the NA, it's not it's some regular week season 1
there's a lot of hype, the environment's...everyone's excited, the crowd
You've been out in the crowd? "Woooooo!" Everybody "Yeah yeah yeah!"
Everybody getting hype out there, that's awesome
And you might not see that in like a week 1 game
People, like, falling asleep in the crowd, so, that's why.
That's why this one.
So you certainly don't sound like a fan, but maybe it's fun for you to come and see
some of the players that are trying to reach your level of competitiveness,
are there any players that you respect more for, you know, trying to reach up to your level?
Yeah, I, again, Doublelift, I only really, I like, I like botlanes,
so, Doublelift, Sneaky, I like...Zezayl?
Zeyzal
Zeyzal, I like him a lot, I think he's really...I don't normally talk about this, I think he's really underrated
I think he's really good, I get him in solo-queue a lot, I think he is a very good player
Yeah, he's pretty break-out. What...let me ask you this.
There are a lot of people who say to themselves, "When is Tyler1 going to make his LCS debut?"
People really want to see you compete, and while unfortunately things,
you know, I know the showmatch you were...
My monitor, dude, my monitor kept flicking on and off and at one point my mouse,
I've never see this before
it actually came unhooked by itself and flew across the room, I was playing with my keyboard mouse button, the little arrow keys
I would expect LCS to do better, but I'm sure you don't have those problems at the T1 Invitational?
Not, we never had, we don't have anything like that, and we're also keeping live animals backstage
while providing top-line equipment, no.
Yeah, there's not yeah, they don't have that here, it's really disappointing
But, a lot of people do want to see you in the LCS, have you gotten any offers from any teams,
have you had a chance, have you had to turn down anything?
Ah, a little, an Academy team, a while ago
now I am, a lot of people know me "Oh, Draven one-trick, Quinn"
I've actually, I have got to Masters 100 LP without playing Draven
So, there is improvement, I've been watching a lot of the LCK AD carries,
there's a lot to learn there, dude, there is, there's a lot to learn
Not so much from the LCS AD carries?
Nah, I mean, no, they'll say "60 ping" and I just "ha ha ha!" laugh to myself, no
Cause you were raised on 60 ping I think
Yeah, I was raised on 98 ping.
98 ping?
Travis, yeah, 98, yeah
That is...that is extra and that is partly what it's like, you know, just training with, yeah it's an issue
it's an issue
I mean, I'm not gonna blame ping, people are, I feel, I don't know how pros do it
but I, you gotta be passionate about it, you gotta wanna be the best
and I feel like a lot of these...
I feel like I'm like flaming these guys now, no offense, I'm not trying to
No, no, no, they're trying their hardest
Yeah, I feel like, but I feel like a lot of the lower teams in LCS give up and they don't,
like the players don't actually practice outside of...I mean, I don't know what they do in scrims, or whatever,
cause I play solo-queue a lot, I play more than anybody, I got like 4000 games this season already
and I play with these players a lot in solo-queue and they don't try their hardest and...
then they finish last in the standings and they're like "Oh my ping!" Yeah, ping my a...
Ping your butt
My behind, yeah
That's very nice of you, this is a family channel, we're very respectful of people here
and I know that you are very respectful person, you never swear or cuss, it's a very family stream you run
You're not wrong, I do not, I wouldn't ever do that
Stepping back a little bit here, there was a really interesting moment for me, watching up in the audience,
cause I watched the showmatch, and you, I see your clips on Reddit, I see a lot of stuff that gets spread around
and it feels like at times I worry because it feels like you don't, you're frustrated with League of Legends,
you're frustrated by Riot, and on stage you seemed like you were having so much fun,
I mean, up until Phreak started feeding and then...
Yeah, he inted me and my bottom-tier LCS two players
Again, I had Golden Guardians, they're a bottom-tier, I had two bottom-tier LCS players on my team, just saying
What struck me was you're having so much fun at this thing, it feels like it's actually really good for you
Yeah, it's because that right...it's solo-queue and then it's playing for fun
like with other people and having...entertaining, it's like entertaining
it's not entertaining when you're getting your behind smacked in a solo-queue game
and you're losing and your teammates are, everybody's not having a good time, or whatever
but this...I mean everybody's having a good time, the fans were laughing, it was great, that's why
Is that what drives you more, cause you also seem like a competitive person,
so there's like the competitive side, there's the entertaining side,
what really drives you in the stream and your passion in creating all this content?
I dunno, that's hard
Before League, it was definitely 100% entertainment
now, I'm trying to mix that in, where I'm trying to be competitive and entertaining
It's not easy, it's not
Because you, when you act [bizarre noises] start doing stuff like that it's kinda hard to play the game
and win
so you start getting upset because you don't win
but, I mean, both I think.
Are there any moments that stand out to you where...
cause I'm sure there's a lot of people who just wanna root for you to fail, right?
Cause they see you wig out and then they're like "oh this is hilarious," but
I think there's a lot of fans out there who are really supportive of you,
I heard you talking to Tyler earlier about the Free Tyler1 signs that, for a while, were actually banned
but there's a lot of people that support you, are there any moments that stand out to you,
or any interactions where you're like "Oh, actually, that's really supportive, that's really nice"?
Whenever there is...I meet a fan, and it's like a young kid with their parents
and I meet, the kid's happy, obviously, they're "yeah, nice to meet you," the kid's happy
and then their parents are in the background, they're...the parents are smiling,
because they know that their kids are happy, that's what really...like that's awesome, that's awesome
It's really striking meeting and talking to you because it feels like while your stream is oftentimes so much about
you know, reacting to the moments of defeat, you do seem like a really positive guy who wants to like do positive things
Yeah, I do, I do, I make people happy, yeah
Speaking of that, the T1 invitational, really big fan of that
being at this event, which I know we just discussed, inferior in some ways,
but also has like a live component to it, and there's a lot of fans
is the thought ever that you would upgrade the T1 audience experience
so that people can enjoy the high levels of production that you're able to bring to people?
That's a weird question, that was a wowza, I...what?
Do you have an audience? Do you want an audience? Do you wanna have a huge amount of people in a giant stadium?
We could go there, I mean it's possible, yes it is possible
I feel like the scuffness of it is a big part of why it's so good, so I don't know. Maybe.
I think it'd be fun to see just because,
watching the T1 Invitational reminded me so much of how I started covering League of Legends, right?
They were these online streams, they were people trying to like aspire to create some really fun experience for people
while doing everything in a lot of cases out of their own home
so it was just like a really...it was like a callback or cool throwback after like this giant Worlds
where you see this dragon enter this arena and you're like,
Actually, you don't need all that to have such a good time, so it was really fun for me, I don't know how you feel about all that
Yeah, we can have both, I feel like if we do both, like we can have both, best of worlds
put together...nothing will be better, that's actually good, I'm...don't...that's mine now
Ok, that's yours
Both, combine 'em both
It would be really fun if a day before Worlds you guys, you should coordinate with Riot this,
the day before Worlds you get the T1 Invitational to sort of like contrast you know the day before, the day after
Ok, that's, ok we're talking that big, whoa
The day before at Finals, they broadcast you then the next day you get this other event
Well that would be an event, you're not wrong
Uh, other than that, anything that you would say to any of the fans out there, the people that support you,
I'm sure you met a lot of people here
loltyler1dotcomcodealpha
loltyler1.com discount code alpha
Very good, thank you so...
Hey A squad we live, we out here at the LCS finals, that's me, it's me
Thank you so much for the interview Tyler1, really appreciate, it's great to meet you in person,
for everyone else, you can check out the rest of my coverage of all things eSports right here on my YouTube channel
Bye!
I wanna thank you so much for watching that interview, I really, I gotta say,
I'm doing a specific outro, just for him, Tyler1: super nice guy,
I doubted him in the past, you know, it's fun to watch him rage and all that stuff but I was like
I dunno, this guy might be a bit of a, bit of a jerk, you know
that's...that's...you see that sometimes but actually really really nice guy, thank you so much to Tyler
for doing the interview and hopefully he enjoys the rest of his time playing League of Legends
I wanna also thank Omnislash so much for their support of my interviews throughout this year,
including Finals in Oakland, they helped cover the costs and make this whole thing happen,
so thanks to them and be sure to check out the description below where I've got stuff in there
like my Twitch channel, and ways to further support me and some of the content that I make,
all this stuff is in there, again, thanks so much for watching this interview and I just, I really,
I wanted to make this the longest outro that I've ever done before, and I think I've done it,
so thanks so much for sticking through, cause I know a lot of you could turn off the outro at any given point in time,
like, this is so long that we can't even stick the follow-me or, you know YouTube next video thing,
like this is gonna be empty for quite some time in this outro and uh, I mean
it might be popping up around now, it might have just a second ago, I dunno how these things work,
it just, it happens, but my whole point is, thanks for watching